# Employees Migrator

The employees Migrator takes a csv file and submits it to a mysql database. The times and threads used are submitted to a file called app.txt in the logs directory. This log contains all the relevant information when it comes to speed tests and how many entries were added to the database.

The program first reads from the csv file called employees.csv and any nebulous or incorrect data is put into a file called "duplicates.txt" it is located in the resources folder. In order for it to be process the employees.csv file must be located within the resources folder also.

The array that is generated from the csv file is concurrently sent to the database via threading. There are some tests to make sure the data got sent to the database correctly.

## Usage
The CSV file should be in CSV format with the following headings.
```
Emp ID,Name Prefix,First Name,Middle Initial,Last Name,Gender,E Mail,Date of Birth,Date of Joining,Salary
```
Create a login.properties file within the resources folder. This should contain 3 fields:

This should be the username, password and host name (e.g. localhost:3306/project) for the mysql database that you wish to migrate to.
```
username=
password=
host=
```
The files that you must have in the resources folder are as follows:
```
employees.csv
login.properties
```
All other files are in the program already or will be generated by the program.

When the migration is complete this message will be displayed:
```
Migration Complete
```

## Logging

The app.txt file located within the logs directory logs information about the program.

This includes:
```
Number of unverified entries
Number of verified entries
Time it took to read from csv
The threads and what they are doing and how long each of them take.
The time it took for all of the threads to finish sending data.
The number of entries in the database via SQL COUNT
The overall time for the process.
```
